there is nothing you can do to avoid
that hit defenseless player he's out
there he's he can't defend himself he's
going that fast
and you want to talk about defenseless
player if that player that's running the
football right there saw that coming why
didn't he just fall down get out of the
way
it's called football it's a collision
sport and that was the perfect form
tackle if you penalize that you're one
step away from us watching flag football
on Saturdays and Sundays and that's
enough to make me want to vomit flag
football mark Flair's reacting to ACC
officials saying that clowny leading
with the crown of his helmet while
considered a great play under college
football's New York rules is not good in
fact he would have been ejected so I
want to know Stephen a do you agree with
Connie Porsche lares in this case rather
III absolutely positively agree with
mark solarath whose football knowledge
is something that you know I mean I'm
just a student when it comes to him I
mean the guy knows what he's talking
about and I think he's absolutely right
on this I mean it's it's gotten to the
point where it's gotten a bit ridiculous
to me that is a legitimate football hit
everything that I've ever known about
the game of football watching it
practically my entire life I have never
seen that kind of hit be anything but
applauded it's never even been
scrutinized it's what it's what coaches
dream of seeing from a defensive player
and to now after all of these years to
implement rules into the game that would
call that an illegal hit and essentially
an automatic with ejection is something
I find absolutely mind-boggling it makes
no sense to me I mean it's like it's
like even with the running backs when
they're talking about the crown of the
helmet skip they even talking about
after you escape from the line of
scrimmage and then you get into the open
field you can't really use the crown of
your helmet well if you look at the JV
on clowny there was near the line of
scrimmage he got into the backfield and
he put a hit on him plain and simple
wasn't like they were 20 yards downfield
or whatever the case may be I don't
understand for the life of me how
something like that can be an ejectable
offense not
even a penalty you've got officials at
you know SEC Media Day talking about how
this could potentially be something they
would have suspected they would have
rejected them hmm I don't understand it
I don't comprehend it at all it makes no
sense to me skip you know you watch you
watch far more college football than I
do even though I'm getting up there now
but I don't I don't get it I don't
understand
neither do I and back to Mark and the
emotion that he spilled on SportsCenter
last night I don't question marks
football knowledge either except when it
comes to Tim Tebow but that's a whole
nother boy mark please he's good enough
on that him I've taught him everything
he knows about Tim Tebow what back to
this question here again was it
technically a pure form tackle that we
saw from clowny on that poor Michigan
running back no he's still Lord has had
a little bit Stephen a again was it just
shoulder in the chest which to me be
more textbook form tackle he did give
his head but it hit below the neck into
the to the breast area breast bone area
and then it shot up and got him up under
the chin and they're saying that would
be ejecta Bulow this coming year I don't
get that either Stephen a but hey like
pro like college haven't we seen this
before
like last NFL season how many mondays
did we sit here at this debate desk and
say how could they call that a penalty
how could they call that a penalty so
now college football has succumbed to
the pressure exerted by the National
Football League to make its sport much
safer to protect these kids going
forward and and again yeah I think you
would agree with me I would much rather
that college football make its game
safer than pro football because I don't
want to see these kids die for the thing
they're not literally but you know quote
unquote died for the cause in college
and not get a chance to make millions of
dollars in pro football that they
deserve to make and they deserve to make
while they were in college in many cases
so I want to see these rules more
instituted in college than in pro but we
had the cart before the horse
we had pro football do this first last
year which is making college follow suit
this year
I mean both games are starting to look
like flag football to me because last
year pro football lost some of its
luster because it is a violent sport I
accept what it is
I think they accept what it is when they
sign the dotted line you know what I we
all want to see it be what it used to be
which is a real collision sport rough
scene for me it's the it's the it's the
severity of the pen of the punishment
that bothers me
okay there's if you make a play in the
game of football that for decades has
been not only okay but encouraged to
then turn around and immediately say
well you know now we've switched gears
and now it's an injectable offense
that's what I have a problem with if you
want to sit there and implement changes
then you know what a hit like that tell
us it's going to be penalized from now
on at least initially and I get that but
you've been teaching these folks there's
a certain way to play football all their
lives and then at the drop of a hat you
want to change and say well now we want
you to do things differently and if you
don't you're automatically ejected these
are college kids my career you live for
this you go out there you brush your
tail not only are you practicing they
are practicing in August man they are
playing at the end of August you know
I'm saying they're going to class
they're playing games they're doing all
of this stuff they've got a full plate
they've got a full slate on their
schedule you're going through all of
this stuff are you trying to tell me in
the heat of the moment I make a hit that
you as a coach yeah taught me that I've
been taught this all of these years and
automatically I'm a ejected it's the
problem man to your point Judy Romney
actually tweeted to ESPN and said it's
just playing football he in the point of
let's just move on so he absolutely
agrees with what you both are saying